Hi within this lecture we going to see how we can bring in the ads in our projects so that we can load
them and then later on we are going to see how we can show them to the user.
But before we do that as you can see we have to initialize the JD mobile ads.
So in order to do that I'm just going to copy this line and pasted under my app delegate did finish
launching with options function like we did in the past like we did in the five year base.
So let me copy this line and come over to my app delegate and here I'm going to import Google mobile
ads.
OK.
And under this application did finish launching with options.
I'm going to paste in the line that I need to run.
So let me run my project and see.
And as you can see we get some error and it says that Yelp does Google utilize framework is not here.
So I believe we need to update our pod in order to make sure we brought in the powers that we really
need.
Since we have brought in them it shouldn't be an issue but I believe it's not working right now.
So let me go into my terminal one more time and let me show you how to update your pots.
So I'm gonna go to my project folder one more time.
And here I can see the path file but rather than just running poly install I'm just going to run poly
install repo update this time.
So if you hit enter you will see that it's updating and the way that I'm running this is with two dashes
and one dash between OKAY TWO DASHES repo one dash update.
So this will update my repository so that if I have an outdated pub in my file it will get updated once
we do that.
I'm just going to try one more time to see if Google utilize is in my project and I believe it won't
take too much time because we have already installed this pass out.
It will just update the pods and we will see if this works or not.
So let me make this bigger so that we can keep track of what is being updated.
So I believe this is really updated something as you can see it says that four total pods has been installed
and I believe we have by mistake opened this exe called project file rather than workspace.
So I believe this was the issue.
But anyway we have updated our parts which is not a bad thing.
So let me go over my AOS complete folder and find my project and rather than opening the X code project
I'm going to open the workspace file.
So let me try one more time to see if my project is actually running.
So let me go to app delegates to see if we have the file the initialization line.
Yep we have it.
So let me run this on our simulator and as you can see few don't pay attention to workspace files.
Your project will not work because you won't have the necessary pods in order to make it work.
So let me run this and let's see if we can see our main screen.
And we won't do much because we haven't brought in the ads yet but if it works then it means that we
don't have any problem regarding the integration of the SD case.
So once we see the next button I'm just going to go ahead and continue.
Here you go.
Now we see the next button which means I can continue doing my thing over here.
So I have initialized my Google mobile ads.
Now it's time to select an advertisement format.
So we have this banner format so it's actually the banner that we see in the website.
So it's kind of a rectangle ad that we place most of the time at the bottom of the apps like this are
at the top top of the app.
So it's the most basic advertisement ever.
And here we have this interstitial apps interstitial ads I mean and these are the full screen ads that
we can display to the user when they are trying to go from some level to another level from some we've
controller to another we've controller when we have a natural pulse at our app and I'm going to show
you how to work with interstitial apps and we have some other formats as well.
Like we have these native ads.
OK.
So this is the ads that we can actually change the format that we can customize.
So it's a little bit more complicated than banners and interstitial apps but if you click on implement
native ads you can see it's documentation.
And here we have this rewarded apps ads as well.
And this is the ad format that if you want to give a reward to the user for example if you have a game
and the user runs out of life.
So if if they watch the ad they will get to have one more life or they will get to have one more item
or diamond for example.
So you can use this reward that apps in order to make them watch a video.
And it's a lot more complicated than native ads and other ads.
So I'm going to skip it and you can see the documentation if you want but we're going to focus on this
interstitial apps.
So this is one of the most common ads that are used in the apps.
So you have to know how to implement it.
So if you click on it it will take you through the documentation of the interstitial ads.
OK.
So you have to read these guides before you implement it.
For example you see here you have to implement it.
Then there is a natural transition point in your app.
For example if somebody is trying to go from one level to another in a game or from some weave controller
to another view controller in a game or in a VPN application for example when they hit on START and
VPN starts to work.
So then you can display this interstitial ads in a full screen mode.
So as you can see we don't have any prerequisites rather than its own as the case and we already have
that's all we have to do is bring in the Google Google mobile ads in our we controller and initialize
this interstitial app object AD object.
Okay.
So I'm going to copy this and I'm just going to do copy pasting in this lecture because you have to
do it.
So sometimes they just change some little things like rather than calling this g I.D. interstitial they
may call this interstitial X from some point on and I believe it's a good practice to read the documentation
and apply what's going on over there.
So I'm going to bring in this Google mobile ads module into my weave controllers so that it won't give
me any error regarding this interstitial G I.D. JD interstitial object.
And once I define that I'm going to initialize it under my we did load.
So here it asks for an ad unit I.D. And this is the test I.D. that you can tested that I'm going to
go for this.
But before you upload this app to the App Store you have to change it as well.
And the way to do that is to go into your ad mop account and get an interstitial ad unit I.D..
OK.
So here you can see it says that always you have to test with test ads and if you come over here to
your app or review in the ad units you can click on this get started to create one interstitial app
and it will give you an I.D. so that you can use that I.D. in your coding section.
OK.
That's how you replace your test ad I.D. with real ad I.D..
So let me go back to my ex code project.
So once you initialize this then you have to bring in the added solve you have to load the app and loading
the ads doesn't necessarily mean showing the ad to the user first you have to load the ad and it will
be ready to be presented to the user.
And then you present it.
Let's do that in the next lecture.